Runtime Version History:

2023.06.01:
	o Scene serialization with entity import and export.
	o Please note that this version is not supporting import and export of engine system specific ressources
		like Script, Materials, Shaders etc.

2023.06.0:
	o Adding Camera System with a Camera Manager and a flexible usage of cameras with possible different implementations (Strategy Pattern).
	o Adding Camera Effects to cameras, likewise flexible and acting on the camera (Strategy Pattern).

2023.05.03:
	o Adding Multiple Rendering Passes. Rendering is done to Texture and this Texture is rendered on flush of the frame.
	o IRenderingPass can be implemented and registered at runtime to provide special effects and post-processing etc.

2023.05.02:
	o Adding SMaterialDefinition structure used to define CMaterial data.
	o CMaterialManager stores Materials as { EntityHandle, CMap2< CMaterial > } with maximum of 256 Materials for each entity.
	o Scene Renderer iterates over CMap2 with pointers to CMaterial objects.This should be fast in theory, however the actual performance
		was not yet profiled.
	o Preparation for the Material Editor is hereby complete; changes will be added as required.



2023.05.01:
	o CMap2 implemented. Variation of the CMap data structure, designed to be high performance with the same main functionality as in CMap.
		Please note that, in order to achieve maximum performance, data locality and pointer stability the CMap2 is initialized to a fixed size
		and can not be resized dynamically.
		CMap2 is performing safety checks for "get" access in non DISTR builds.
		CMap2 is intended to be used where :
			- Fast iterations are a must.
			- Frequent lookups or accesses.
			- Objects contained are non - copyable(neither copy - constructed nor assignment - constructed).

	o CBehaviorEngine and CScriptEngine are using the CMap2 data structure.
	o CSAS´ internal computation is guarded by the critical section, in order to avoid crashed on terminate.


Editor Version History:

2023.05.01:
	o Material Editor implemented, allowing:
		- Editing Material Name, used Texture name, used Shader name.
		- Editing Blending data, such as mode, factors and equation.
		- Editing Uniforms, both static and dynamic.
		- Applying Material changes to entity after it was edited.
		- Exporting Material to file for later loading and usage.